Squire2 helps you making the most of all your mounts and moving spells. It selects a mount or spell that fits the place you are, randomly choosing a mount if several ones are available. Squire2 is highly configurable, letting you choose which mount and spell to use or not.

Squire2 is basically Squire rewritten from scratch for 4.0/Cataclysm. I felt the Squire code became unsuitable to handle the several changes to mounts ; both mount features and API have been slightly changed.

Thanks to Aelorean for submitting 5.0.4 patches.

h3. Features

* Can be used as a macro or with a keybinding.
* Automatically scan available mounts and movement-related spells (including Aspect of the Cheetah, Travel/Aquatic/Flight forms and Ghost Wolf).
* Random mount selection, trying not to use the same mount twice in a row.
* Handle some special mounts like Ahn'Quiraj ones, the Sea Turtle and the Abyssal Seahorse.
* Customizable moving and combat actions.
* Support "/console autoUnshift 0" and "/console autoDismount 0" settings, thanks to Phanx.

h3. How to use Squire2

You can open the Squire2 configuration using the /sq2 or /squire2 chat commands and there is a button in the top left corner of the mount spellbook.

From there you can use the "Macro" button to pick up the macro and put it in any action button. You can also define a keybinding to use Squire2.

The "Toggle spellbook" button opens the spellbook directly to the "mounts" tab.

h4. Mount selection

You can select which mounts Squire2 is allowed to use in the mount spellbook. Check or uncheck the small checkboxes in the bottom right corner of every mounts.

h4. Other options

* Ground modifier: select a modifier to enforce Squire2 to select a ground mount even if flying mounts are usable.
* Dismount keybinding: a keybinding to dismount.
* Dismount/exit vehicle/cancel shapeshift: if checked, Squire2 makes your character dismount (exit the vehicle or cancel shapeshift) instead of trying to use another mount (or spell).
* ... but not when flying: this prevents dismounting when flying. Useful to prevent an horrible death if you accidently hit the keybinding while in the middle of the sky.
* Combat action: an action to be used in combat. This overrides the internal macro Squire2 uses and thus ignore all clever features.
* Moving action: an action to be used while moving. It is also used as a default combat action.

h4. Using Squire2 in another macro

You can use Squire2 from another macro with this command:

@/click Squire2Button@

You can even dismount (the same way Squire2 does it) using this command:

@/click Squire2Button dismount@

More details about the @/click@ command are available there : http://www.wowpedia.org/MACRO_click

h3. Differences with Squire

There is no much visible differences from Squire :
* Does not dynamically update the macro anymore.
* Configuration is done from the "Mounts" tab of the spellbook.
* Use Ace3 for configuration UI.
* Accept items and macros, as well as spells, as moving and combat actions.

h3. Known issues

Notes to pet/mount related addon author : *do not use LoadAddOn("Blizzard_PetJournal") nor PetJournal_LoadUI() during ADDON_LOADED processing*. Add a "## Dependencies: Blizzard_PetJournal" line in your TOC file instead. The former prevents addon loaded with Blizzard_PetJournal (like Squire2) to receive their own ADDON_LOADED events while the latter works seamlessly.

BattlePetTabs-1.1.3 is known to use PetJournal_LoadUI() thus causing Squire2 to fail to initialize.

h3. User feedback

You can submit bug reports and suggestions using "wowace's ticket tracker":http://www.wowace.com/addons/squire2/tickets/.
There is also the "old Squire forum thread":http://forums.wowace.com/showthread.php?t=15069 for discussion (but not bug reports, please use the ticket tracker).
